

REBEX GENERAL END USER AGREEMENT - .NET COMPONENTS


The following agreement applies to a Software Development Product of
REBEX CR s.r.o.

This is a legal agreement (hereafter "Agreement") between you, either an
individual or an entity, as the end user (hereafter "Recipient") and
Rebex CR s.r.o. (hereafter "Rebex"). By installing or using the software
and related documentation provided with this agreement (hereafter
"Software Development Product"), you agree to be bound by the terms of
this agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, do
not install or use the software.

LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR A REBEX SOFTWARE


1. GRANT OF LICENSE

Rebex grants Recipient a limited, perpetual, non-exclusive,
nontransferable, license to use the Software Development Product.

Recipient may distribute Software Development Product runtime along with
his own products royalty-free.

Recipient shall not rent, lease, sell, sublicense, assign, or otherwise
transfer the Software Development Product, including any accompanying
printed materials. Recipient may not reverse engineer, decompile or
disassemble the Software Development Product.

TRANSFER

You may NOT permanently or temporarily transfer ANY of your rights under
this AGREEMENT to any individual or business or government entity
without prior written approval from Rebex. Regardless of any
modifications which you make and regardless of how you might compile,
link, and/or package your programs, under no circumstances may the
libraries, Redistributables, and/or files included in the Software
Development Product (including any portions thereof) be used for
developing programs by anyone other than you. Only you as the LICENSEE
have the right to use the libraries, redistributables, or other files of
the Software Development Product (or any portions thereof) for
developing programs created with the Software Development Product. You
may not share copies of the Redistributables with other co-developers.
You may not reproduce or distribute any Rebex documentation without the
permission of Rebex.

At no time may Recipient create any tool, redistributable, or product
that directly or indirectly competes with the Software Development
Product by utilizing all or any portion of the Software Development
Product.

Rebex shall retain title and all ownership rights to the Software
Development Product.

Software Development Product can be obtained in different licensing
variants:

SINGLE DEVELOPER LICENSE

This Software Development Product is licensed to one developer. All
developers working on a project that includes a Software Development
Product who are directly working with the Software Development Product,
are required to purchase a license for that Software Development
Product.

COMPANY LICENSE

This Software Development Product is licensed to all developers employed
by your company.

THIRTY (30) DAY EVALUATION (TRIAL) USE LICENSE

If the Software Development Product you have obtained is marked as a
"TRIAL" or "EVALUATION," you may install copy of the Software
Development Product for evaluation purposes only, for a period of 30
calendar days from the date of installation("EVALUATION PERIOD"). Upon
expiration of the EVALUATION PERIOD, the Software Development Product
must be uninstalled and all copies destroyed.

You MAY NOT CREATE applications or begin software projects using the
Software Development Product under the terms of the THIRTY(30) DAY
EVALUATION(TRIAL) USE LICENSE.

You MAY NOT REDISTRIBUTE files in the Software Development Product
distribution if using an evaluation or trial version of the Software
Development Product.


2. TERM OF AGREEMENT

The term of this Agreement shall commence at the date Recipient
purchases, installs or otherwise starts using the Software Development
Product.


3. SUPPORT SERVICES

Rebex may provide you with support services related to the Software
Development Product ("Support Services"). Use of Support Services is
governed by Rebex policies and programs described in the user manual, in
"on line" documentation and/or other Rebex provided materials. Any
supplemental Software Development Product provided to you as part of the
Support Services shall be considered part of the Software Development
Product and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA. With
respect to technical information you provide to Rebex as part of the
Support Services, Rebex may use such information for its business
purposes, including for Software Development Product support and
development. Rebex will not utilize such technical information in a form
that personally identifies you.


4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Software
Development Product is provided "as is" and without warranties of any
kind, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to the
implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose. The entire risk arising out of the use or installation of the
Software Development Product, if any, remains with Recipient.


5. EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall
Rebex, or its principals, shareholders, officers, employees, affiliates,
contractors, subsidiaries, or parent organisations be liable for any
special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages
whatsoever arising out of or in any way related to the use of or the
inability to use the Software Development Product.


6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any liability of
Rebex will be limited exclusively to a refund of the purchase price.


7. GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be construed and controlled by the laws of the
Czech Republic. Exclusive jurisdiction and venue for all matters
relating to this Agreement shall be in courts located in the Czech
Republic. The Recipient consents to such jurisdiction and venue.


8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between
Rebex and Recipient with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior oral or written understandings, communications or
agreements not specifically incorporated herein. This Agreement may not
be modified except in a writing fully signed by an authorised
representative of Rebex and Recipient.

Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, please contact
Rebex.
